Jason James / teretz@gmail.com
314 467 0696
Full stack Senior Web Developer w/ working experience in Terraform, Docker, Docker
Compose, React.js, React Native, TypeScript, Python, Node.js, Laravel, Magento,
PHP, HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, JSON, XML, Wordpress, CodeIgniter, Cake,
MySQL, MariaDB, Redis, PostGreSQL, PowerShell, GraphQL, RabbitMQ, Kafka,
Spark, Ajax, Actionscript, Flash, Unity3D, Lua, and C# are amongst others.
Over my 13 years of web development, I’ve maintained, developed, or expanded well
over 220 projects. These projects can be roughly summarized as 45 Magento sites, 30
Laravel sites, 100+ Wordpress sites, 20+ reactjs projects, 10 Java projects, 10 C#, 20
Python projects, and various other projects.
Composer, artisan, npm, yarn, bower, gulp, and elixir are all tools that I try to use in my
workflow today. For server updates and deploying repos, I include bash scripting /
webhooks, Ansible ,Terraform, Jenkins, and Git w/ their Pipelines functionality. AWS,
Bluemix, Azure, and Google Cloud are all cloud platforms that I have experience with.
SKILLS SUMMARY
Frontend, Backend, DevOps, CI/CD, Github, Laravel, React.js, React Native, Ansible,
AWS, Bluemix, Google Cloud, Python, SSH, Swagger, Bash, Dynamics CRM, Jira,
Gantt charts, scheduling sprints, node.js, composer, Flash MX - CS6, Unity3D,
Photoshop v3.0 – CS5.5, GIMP,DreamWeaver CS5, Visual C++, Visual C#, XHTML,
CSS, JavaScript, XML, PHP, MySQL, Ajax, jQuery, Java, Nomad, Consul, PhoneGap,
3DS, Plasma, Blender, Rhino3D, Solidworks, Truespace, Acid, Cooledit, Ableton Live,
Adobe Audition, ProTools, Fruityloops, Reason, ReWire, VST plugins, Massive, Traktor,
Unity3D, Wordpress, CodeIgniter, Fury, Roar, Flixel, Rain {Indie}, Mono, API experience,
Urban Airship, Mecanim Abilities: 2D/3D Graphic Design/ Editing/ Animation,
Programming / Scripting(multiple languages), Software Automation, Web
Browser/Network Forensics, Web Design, Flash, Audio Production / Recording /
Mastering / Manipulation, Computer Diagnostics/ Repair/ Maintenance, Mobile Apps, 3D
Rigging Animation, 3d Printers, Embedded Architecture
TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE
Freelance Web Dev, Remote Sep 2020 - Present “Wormhole Labs, Bender
Beatty, North Mill, and others” ● This time block involves freelance work in
regards to web scraping, nodejs,
reactjs, api development, Wordpress, Magento, and Laravel as well as
automation, machine learning pipelines, various app development, and some
experiments using ai-generated content.
● More than half of the projects took less than three months to complete or were
turnkey. During this time, I scored among LinkedIn’s top tier applicants for reactjs. ●
Some of the technologies I gained work experience in include Kafka, Spark, Zepplin,
Grafana, JupyterLab, Solidity, Brownie, creating ERC-20 / NFTs, BSC ETH and
MATIC networks, Moralis platform, and Octoparse.
Propper Intl, St Louis March 2020 - Sep 2020 Backend Developer
● Propper Intl offered me a position as a backend developer in their corporation,
where the focus was on creating a synchronization tool that could send data via
M3 and Magento2 endpoints and create or update orders, handle shipments, and
load frontend data on either endpoint
● The project was written using a nodejs backend, a reactjs typescript GUI frontend
with AD & auth0 for sign in, and Magento / M3 / REST API for backend
processes. My work was submitted as complete modules that junior devs could
easily install if they needed to. Magento 2.2.3 was used for all sites.
● The focus of the project was to integrate custom REST API functions to facilitate
communication between M3 and Magento, which was done by modifying the
inventory in M3 and Magento, populating appropriate forms on Magento's front
end to display pricing and order status, and delivering tracking numbers and
delivery status.
Research, Remote Nov 2019 - March 2020 “Freelance Automation &
Investments”
● After some crypto trading, I began work on what would become a perfect
complement to any trader's strategies: being able to receive Tradingview signals,
execute the signals, a CLI to automate manual intervention, real-time reporting
of positions and related data, a Chrome extension to overlap Tradingview
widgets
and allow manipulation of orders with a GUI interface, and a way to implement
the strategies across many accounts.
● React.js, node.js, redux, thunk, typescript, and sequalize were used in this project
to create a real time dashboard for analytics, monitoring of positions, and ability
to influence positions across exchanges from a central terminal.
Freelance Web Dev, Remote Dec 2017 - July 2019 “ODells Brewery, Charter
Communication, EvoDesk, and others” ● Executed a few projects, including some
VR demos using Unity3d and Google Cardboard SDK, some Laravel and Wordpress
work, including raising SEO of sites to whitehat SEO scores averaging 96/100 per
page.
● Inspired by the cryptokittie craze, I decided to overhaul my gaming project so it
could be marketed using ICO crowdfunding. A successful launch took place in
June 2018, but the project couldnt get enough funding to keep going, and it was
dropped until recently in 2022 when GameFi starts to become prominent.
Spindle 360, Austin, TX December 2016 – June 2017 Senior Web Developer
● A marketing firm, known as Spindle 360, had immediate need for a Magento and
Laravel developer. Their current team’s lead had put in his two weeks and they
needed someone to inherit and maintain about 25 live sites, along with repo
management
● I successfully inherited their codebase and stayed their lead developer for six
months while helping build out their team
● The projects included about ten ecommerce designed with Laravel and Magento
as their cores and fifteen sites that were more for product info
● LAMP and MEAN stacks were used in conjunction with AWS. Databases were
MySQL, SQL, and AWS Iceberg
● Used BitBucket, Git, Ansible, PHPStorm, IntelliJ IDEA, Brackets, and Notepad++
● Apps were created using Java w/ Spring, Spring MVC, and Hibernate ● Dynamics
CRM was used at the core of their highest revenue makers was not
properly integrated. Issues persisted over two years before I arrived. This was a
primary item of interest in which I succeeded in within my first three weeks.
Research, Saint Louis July 2016 – November 2016 “Privately funded research
among a few startup gigs”
● Did a few projects that summer on a freelance basis. Integrated some Unity3d w
Magento. Also had my first stint with cybersecurity. One client had me start a Java
app but didnt follow it into maturity as their funding was swept out from
them. I also was introduced using Raspberry Pis as headless embedded
architecture.
Tacony Corporation, St Louis, MO November 2015 – June 2016 Lead Web
Developer
● Developed new features for ecommerce, frontend, backend, and content
management systems.
● Inherited about forty repos and websites that I became directly responsible for.
With over 250 million dollars of revenue coming through their websites, I
performed in a high pressure environment daily and loved it.
● Practiced frontend and backend for Magento, Laravel, Wordpress, classic .ASP,
Java apps and ColdFusion. MySQL and SQL were commonly used. ● Upgraded
functionality of servers to allow visualization of data bottlenecks or resource
misconfigs. Fixed some server to server issues for warehouse. ● Used BitBucket,
Git, Ansible, PHPStorm, Brackets, IntelliJ IDEA, and Notepad++ ● Worked directly
under the Project Manager as the corp’s ‘go to guy. ● Most everything had a ticket
in Atlassian Jira. Bi weekly stand up meetings and sprint schedules were
commonplace.
● By the time I finished my six month contract, I was informed that I personally
completed 18 months of backlogged code that was designated for an entire
team.
Freelance Web Dev, Remote November 2009 – Nov 2015 “Honda, Toyota, Prairie
Farms, and Cabala Sports were among my clients” ● Develop Mobile
applications, graphics, websites, flash sites, video games, and web-based application
designs.
● Been coding HTML since 1994 and one of the first people to use Flash. 2006
was when a decision to do it professionally was made.
● Knows how to upgrade offline databases to online and can script transmission
methods securely and quickly. Handcoded queries or used ororORMs depending
on project.
● Proficient in most Adobe products relevant.
● Experience extends into Visual C#, C++, VB#, HTML, XHTML, CSS, Visual C#,
C++, JavaScript, Java, SQL, MySQL, ASP, PHP, Ajax, and Unity3D. ● Use multiple
frameworks including script.aculo.us, Prototype, jQuery, Hibernate, Spring,
Wordpress, OpenCart, BigCommerce, Magento, Codeiginiter, and Laravel 4 or 5.
● Web production experience from beginning to completion.
● Ability to quickly troubleshoot and fix web browser compatibility issues.
● Most of what I create nowadays is based on responsive design using Bootstrap
or Zerbs Foundation.
Blayzer/Phat Buddha Productions, St Louis, MO October 2013 – July 2014 Senior
Web Developer
● Started as a freelance Wordpress developer and quickly rose to senior level
status.
● Aside from the project manager, I was their primary web developer. ● Over
the course of my time there, I worked on around twenty five different
projects.
● While there, I expanded my CMS skillset to include Magento, OpenCart, and
Exponent.
● When a project grew to the point where graphical theme and wireframe were
finalized, then the project was passed to me. Singlehandedly, I would slice the
PSD’s and make custom components in whatever CMS was chosen, and create
the site singlehandedly.
Teretz Studios/O’Dell’s Irish Pub, Eureka, MO November 2011 – March 2013
Freelance Web Developer/Game
● Branched out into Unity 3D game development.
● In order to do it quickly, I had to experiment with porting from C# to Javascript,
and in constructor functions for the Unity3D to do API calls.
● Tested frameworks for rated development speed.
● Built nine small games which were all Facebook, Droid, and iPad compatible. ●
Created a MMO sandbox environment in which integrated an experimental
framework for expanding large amounts of content quickly. It was a modified
version of the Roar framework, but replaced the input buttons with events
triggered from inside a full action 3D MMO gaming engine that can be ported to all
platforms.
B&B Enterprise Holdings, Clayton, MO October 2010 – November 2011 Web
Designer/Tech/Workflow
● Developed graphics, websites, and templates for companies, clients, and to
resell or promote business.
● Created video commercials, email blast campaigns, and blogs for each
employee.
● Was leased out as an extra service to clients trying to build their own business.
● Built custom CRM utility suite that was oriented towards their industry. This was
built in Codeigniter and had a small public facing app built in Java that was used
to report status of their client’s cases and status of loan modifications.
● Responsible for maintenance of networks, workstations, and management’s
personal technology requests.
● Explained how to use computers efficiently to the employees for day to day
tasks.
● Concluded the necessary requirement to gain work equivalent of a bachelor
degree in Web Architecture.
Odesk.com, Internet September 2009 – Present Flash/Web Developer
● Ranked in Top 7% of Flash developers worldwide for this site.
● Developed Flash sites and games.
● Edited preexisting websites to reflect changes requested by clients.
● Created several Wordpress sites along w Codeigniter.
VooDoo Gaming, Internet September 2009 – Present Game Developer
● Game developer that worked under the owner of the company.
● Programmed in GML. Migrated company to use Unity3d.
● Coordinated with Maya and 3DS artists.
Level 5 Web Design, St Louis, MO July 2008 – August 2009 Lead Website
Designer
● Built websites and designed all graphics.
● Interacted with clients on details of web project. Acted as project manager and
lead developer.
● Created site that was heavy on JavaScript. Used JavaScript to create animations
and functionality.
● Examples were slideshows, animated menus, and form validations. ● Used a
combination of PHP, MySQL, and scripts to audit the employee’s time and internet
usage. The desired effect was to have it automatically give all details queried into
Excel so my employer was able to review it easily.
● Interviewed and hired staff.
Express Worldwide/Pharmacy Express, St Louis, MO March 2008 – July 2009
Dispatch Supervisor/Web Admin
● Designed all functionality for an almost nonexistent website.
● Did not redesign the site but rather engaged and understood a combination of
500 PHP scripts with multiple languages and frameworks involved. ● Designed
the administrator panel, tracking system, forms, and web hosting. ● Updated the
website content.
● Implemented MySQL database.
● Dealt with clients directly.
● Reformatted and troubleshoot server issues.
● Implemented a mail merge system.+